Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Output 8
Bi’ sus no longer!
Already on the hill of everyone! Sorry
Mom is you. sustursana!
Let’s say but you’ll have peace!
Are you going to the metro in the crowded hour?
Is it not written?
Home
Finally you can open. Where?
I found a job. I'm going to him. Why?
Hospital.
N'oldu
I am pregnant.
What?
Pardon. What?
Nothing.
I know that we are separated. but
What to do
...Do you decide?
You want to become a father
...hep
...doktorun said. I need to know
Do you listen? I listen.
Ee. what you say... ?
Are you good?
Good... Where is hospital? Today I can get a look at
No need.
No. my future.
I
...I gave my wife.
What to decide. ..? My decision
Don’t sound? Home
Sound cut
Home
No
Output 8
Why?
Kaybolmuş Man
Back... Return back... Return back
N
Get Lanet!
It is not on the side.
Output 0
Zero
Not working.
Locked!
Output 1
Changed.
“Information.”
Home Don’t miss any abnormality. If you notice an abnormality...”
Home If you don’t notice any abnormalities...”
Home exit 8."
Home Don’t miss any abnormalities.”
Home If you notice an abnormality. return immediately. ”
Home If you do not notice any abnormality. do not return. ”
Home exit 8."
No abnormality is missing. If there is an abnormality. return immediately.
Or... return.
Released from 8.
Abnormalities
Is it a abnormality?
Home
You are here... Where is exit 8?
Abnormalities... What I understand
Abnormalities
How?
No abnormality is missing.
Abnormalities.
I need to find one.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
Aesthetic surgery.
High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro.
Security camera.
Fire tap.
Door. Door.
Ventilate.
Door.
Back face.
OK.
Safety cabinets.
Blanket.
Photo cabinet.
Output 1
Number rises.
Then now
How?
What's it!
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
Aesthetic
Abnormality.
Return back.
Price 2
“2”?
2 was.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home Aesthetic surgery.
Man.
High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro.
Security camera.
Fire tap. Door.
Door.
Ventilate.
Door. Ventilate.
OK.
OK. No abnormality.
“3”
Output 3
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Man.
Home
Aesthetic surgery.
High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro.
Security camera.
This area is monitored with security cameras
Fire tap. Door. Door.
Ventilate.
Door. Ventilate.
OK. No abnormality.
What is it?
Where is it?
Here.
Output 4
Four remained.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Aesthetic surgery.
Man.
High salary work. Rules of etiquette in the metro. Security camera.
Fire tap. Door.
Door.
Ventilate.
Door. Ventilate.
OK.
Safety cabinets. 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3
Blanket. Cups. Photo cabinet.
OK. No abnormality.
Price 5
Pretty.
Three remained.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
OK.
Aesthetic surgery.
High salary work. Rules of etiquette in the metro.
Security camera.
Fire tap. Door. Door. Air conditioning
Is this abnormality?
Door. Ventilate.
Home
News
Where?
Thank you
I am under Hâlâ.
Under Location?
I'm going to the same place continuously.
I can't.
It’s already bad about finding direction.
I'm there from a little.
N'oldu
Everything
...I can't give.
I cannot decide.
What should I do?
I’m thinking about what they say.
Yes.
Today
...metroda
... a man is a baby crying on her lap
... a mother shouted.
But
...who did not defend the woman.
Everyone looked at the phone.
Baby crying continues
...and
...I did as I did not notice
...and I went inip.
All like
If I like
...how is my father?
I want to exit here.
I will expect.
I’m going to find out the output and I’m going to be as soon as possible.
Output 0
All
Output 1
Abnormality.
Output 0
Zero?
Home Don’t miss any abnormality. If you notice an abnormality...”
I'm back here
Ee. it is not an abnormality... ?
How?
Have you lost the road?
Are you alone?
Is there one side?
This
...insan can not be
Walking Man
Yes!
Output 4
Here's what!
Great.
Let's go.
Gel.
Output 8. Ventilate. Electric room.
OK. Ventilate.
OK.
Only employees. Fire extinguishing system. Fire tap. OK.
Banners.
1. 2. 3. 4.
5. 6. 7. OK.
Safety cabinets.
1. 2. 3. 4. 5
Garbage. Photo cabinet.
Is an abnormality hit the eye?
Collision?
Tell something. I can't read the mind.
Look at the perfect.
I didn’t want to scare you.
Let's go.
Let's look at.
We can start.
Yes! Yes!
Yes!
Home
Output 8.
Ventilate. Electric room. OK.
Banners. Let’s check together.
1. 2. 2.
3.
Tell me if an abnormality hits the eye.
5.
You are here.
Have you lost your road?
Everything... Yes
I can’t exit
Can I walk with you?
Home Be. Of course.
This is the child. I think it was lost.
I understand.
What is it?
I know.
You
...Do you die?
Can hell be?
Or about it?
Are we going to be punished here?
Do I know?
Do you have anything you are guilt about?
Is Crime?
I'm doing it.
There is an ordinary underground passage.
Let's go.
Gel.
Is an abnormality hit your eye?
There is a man
...it comes from there to walk.
He man
Old man. Is the old man?
Definitely suspicious.
How is it?
This time did not appear.
But... Is this an abnormality?
Everything... So
Do you really want to return back?
Are you happy to stay here?
To do the same thing every day
...and come to work with a metro stack
Isn’t hell this? Write.
Write?
To do the same thing every day
...and come to work with a metro stack
Isn’t hell this? Write.
To do the same thing every day
...and come to work with a metro stack
Asıl hell
N'oldu
Tell you?
Good?
I say you... Lady!
Good?!
N'oldu
What is it?
Write!
To do the same thing every day. the fish stack is going to work with a metro
Isn’t hell this? Write.
My voice? Why is N?
To do the same thing every day
It is not the way. There is abnormality!
There is abnormality!
Let's go!
What is it?
“6.”
Output 6
Walk.
Two remained.
Output 8.
Ventilate. Electric room. OK.
Banners. 1. 2
...3 5.
Monster
5. 6. 7.
No abnormality. not? Are you sure?
If we are burned. we are stuck here forever.
N'oldu
Are you afraid?
Korkma.
Home Let's go.
Walk.
Safety cabinets. 1. 2. 3. 4
Garbage. Photo cabinet.
No abnormality. OK.
Output 0
Go... Have you been looking for more attention!
What format information?!
Get Lanet!
There is a beginner!
I’m going to meet my son today!
Why?!
Look at my perfect.
Continue.
All... All
OK. Eight remained.
Eight remained.
Out
Yes... Event
...I can go.
Go! Let's go!
Next
I'm not blamed.
Output 1
Output 0
Abnormality.
Ee. it is not an abnormality... ?
How?
Have you lost the road?
Are you alone?
Is there one side?
This
...insan can not be
Fire tap. Door. Door.
Ventilate.
Door.
No abnormality.
Do you know?
Back... Back... Back
Child
Do you know?
Safety cabinets. 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3.
Blanket. Cups. Photo cabinet.
No abnormality.
Output 0
Zero
Let’s start from the beginning.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
Aesthetic surgery. High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro. Security camera.
Fire tap. Door. Door.
Ventilate. Door.
Ventilate.
What about it?
It wasn’t like. different
Abnormality.
Wait. Have an abnormality!
Stop!
Yeter now
Cidden? Are you starting from the beginning?
Output 1
Let's go.
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
Aesthetic surgery. High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro. Security camera.
Fire tap.
Door. Door. Ventilate.
Door. Ventilate. OK.
No abnormality.
Walk.
Abnormality.
We must return back.
Output 2
OK.
Output.
What is it?
Phone
OK.
“3”
What is it? You
Mom? What said?
Describe mom
What... What mother... ?
Mom! Stop.
mom not she. Mom!
Drop me. No.
No. This
Mom!
Let's return. Mom!
Mom
What should I do?
Output 4
Are you good?
Have you fallen separately with mom?
Berek
...kayboldum.
Why?
I wanted to find me.
So?
I was doing so.
Is mother scary?
It is scary when nervous.
I think all moms are so.
What is your father?
I never met with him.
I understand.
I am too.
Then it is good if you return to the mother.
I must also return.
Let's look at.
Continue.
Output 8.
8 reverse.
You are right. Reverse stands.
Let's return.
Three remained.
Output 8. OK.
Dentist. Escher.
Home Man.
Aesthetic surgery.
High salary work. Rules of etiquette in the metro.
Output 6
What do you want to do if we can go out?
I want to eat pizza. Pizza?
I want to eat extra cheese pizza.
It comes nice to the ear.
Home
...I don't know.
Very nice. Al.
For good luck.
Good luck?
Right.
Let's look at.
Two remained.
Output 8.
OK. OK.
Dentist. Escher.
Home Man.
OK.
Aesthetic surgery. High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro. Security camera.
OK. OK.
Fire tap. Door.
I stand on my side.
About Us
Yes.
Father!
What will you do?
What?
He calls you.
Your father now.
Sometimes
...what is right
...I don't know.
Nobody knows what is right.
But you will not have trouble for you.
You will protect it.
And a day... he will protect you.
Mom!
What is it?
Very nice.
You’re hiding for good luck.
Father to bring good luck.
You're bored.
I'm sorry.
Come.
Do you want to play? Let’s play!
Attention! Run!
Everything will enter the way.
Output 7
Last time
Output 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Home
Man.
Aesthetic surgery. High salary work.
Rules of etiquette in the metro. Security camera.
Fire tap. Door.
Door. Ventilate. Door.
Ventilate.
Safety cabinets. 1. 2. 3
Blanket. Cups. Photo cabinet.
No abnormality.
Output 8
OK.
Checkout
Hello
Hello.
Where?
I am hospital.
I’m right to you.
Have you decided?
Everything
...I'm there from one.
Bi’ sus no longer!
Already on the hill of everyone! Sorry
Mom is you. sustursana!
Let’s say but you’ll have peace!
Are you going to the metro in the crowded hour?
Is it not written?
What are you looking for?
I'm wrong?
Translation: iapetos Letterboxd: moandor
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-